---
title: v2.0.22 released!
author: Attila Molnar
contributors:
    - Adam 
    - Attila Molnar
    - Guillaume Delacour
    - Sadie Powell
layout: post
---

InspIRCd v2.0.22 is now available, [download it from the releases page](https://github.com/inspircd/inspircd/releases/tag/v2.0.22).


This release fixes the issues discovered since 2.0.21, containing important stability and correctness related fixes and better support for newer compilers (GCC 6.x). There is a new config option `<options:hideulinekills>` that can be used to hide server notices for KILLs done by U-Lined servers (services). A desync issue has also been fixed which caused some channel bans to be not synced on burst for empty non-permanent channels in some cases.

<!--more-->

Many third party libraries shipping with the Windows installer has been updated: OpenSSL to 1.0.1t, GnuTLS to 3.4.14, OpenLDAP to 2.4.44, PCRE to 8.39 and GeoIP to 1.6.9.

View the complete changelog [here](https://github.com/inspircd/inspircd/compare/v2.0.21...v2.0.22).

Thanks to the following people for their work on this release:

Adam (3):

  - Fix dccallow to work with files with spaces in their names
  - Don't show snotices for kills from ulined clients
  - Fix bursting channel bans

Attila Molnar (9):

  - Remove embarrassing negative comments about some clients from the code
  - Fix for GCC 6 rightfully optimizing out the NULL check of 'this' in ConfigTag::readString()
  - Stop processing the new connection in UserManager::AddUser() when an internal SocketEngine error happens and the user is quitted
  - Don't exit on rehash if the pid file cannot be written
  - m_ssl_gnutls, m_ssl_openssl After a read schedule another read if data remains in the buffer of the SSL library
  - m_ssl_openssl Verify DH params being non-NULL before setting it on the context
  - Fix more incorrect std::string::operator[] usage
  - m_censor Fix possible incorrect cast of dest
  - Release v2.0.22

Guillaume Delacour (1):

  - Minor spelling errors in m_spanningtree.so

Sadie Powell (12):

  - Quote paths in the makefile.
  - Fix GCC 6 warning about null checking this.
  - Fix 'cron' and 'restart' in the helper not forwarding arguments.
  - Partially revert "Quote paths in the makefile".
  - Delete modules cautiously when doing a deinstall.
  - Fix extraneous quotes in makefile template.
  - Add configuration for building with Travis-CI.
  - Fix a minor warning in m_hideoper on some systems.
  - Fix 005 not showing some modes with the same rank as others.
  - GCC should never assume that this can not be null.
  - Force link sqlite3 on OS X when doing Travis builds.
  - Fix challenge auth when using m_hash_gnutls instead of m_sha256.
