---
title: InspIRCd v1.2.9 released
author: w00t
layout: post
---

Not much more to say here. Downloads are available from the usual location. A
big thanks to Robby and Attila for their contributions to the release, thanks to
other authors also.

Users of the 1.2 series are suggested to upgrade.

A summary of the changes since v1.2.9rc1 may be found below.

Guillaume Delacour (1):

  - Fix compilation with GCC 4.7.

Robby- (17):

  - Backported Shawn's NoSnoticeStack code from insp21
  - Replace [cC]olour with [cC]olor
  - /STATS: Update the helpop stats-characters aswell as give the ziplink and shun modules their own stats-characters so they actually work and don't collide with others (shun was for example overriding svshold
  - Add some more info about logging types and levels to the config file, correct a channels debug type and make a MISC message fall under CULLLIST instead since it is related to the other Cullstuff (MISC was o
  - Some minor corrections and tab removals
  - *cough*
  - shun: Correct stats character in the notice too
  - shun: stats functionality is implemented, this may be removed
  - Make m_shun work on aliases
  - /STATS: updates
  - Checking E-lines once is enough
  - Update helpop config file name and remove some spaces
  - Add an /HELP alias for /HELPOP
  - Replace copyright headers with headers granting specific authors copyright
  - Headers: update remaining scripts too
  - resource.rc: update copyright to 2012
  - Headers: update the modules Makefile header that is generated by configure

Robin Burchell (2):

  - remove trailing whitespace
  - v1.2.9 final

Shawn Smith (2):

  - Fixes issue #39 reported by @attilamolnar.     Thanks to @attilamolnar for supplying the code.
  - This addresses the memory leak issues reported in issue #38.

William Pitcock (1):

  - Explicitly shut down stdio's stdin/stdout/stderr.

attilamolnar (5):

  - Fix double free (in 1.2 the core deletes the commands upon module unload not the module)
  - Fixes for OnDelLine checking hardcoded line type 'K' instead of IsBurstable() and not obeying loopCall, thus broadcasting a redundant DELLINE for every DELLINE received.
  - Fix MaxModes check when bursting bans for a channel to compare the number of bans not the length of the parameters it queued for sending.     This has caused nearly every ban to be sent in a seperate FMODE.
  - Fix issue #18 reported by @int- (remote restriction on /stats)
  - Fix crash in m_rline     m_rline only called UseInterface() in the constructor, so when there was no regex engine loaded UseInterface() did nothing.     If the specifed regex engine was loaded later on this

edem (1):

  - Revert "m_ssl_gnutls: remove STARTTLS support"
