---
title: v2.0.11 released!
author: Attila Molnar
layout: post
---

InspIRCd v2.0.11 is now available, [downloads can be found here](https://github.com/inspircd/inspircd/releases).

This is mainly a bugfix-only release, however the Windows version does contain
major improvements: a new build system by Adam, and a brand new services
wrapper by ChrisTX.

This release also solves build problems on OpenBSD and Solaris.

For a list of fixed issues and improvements see the [bug tracker](https://github.com/inspircd/inspircd/issues?milestone=8&state=closed).

A shortlog since the last release:

Adam (4):

  - Fixed m_ssl_gnutls build on Windows; gnutls.h uses ssize_t which is defined in gcrypt.h
  - Replace Windows build system and installer with cmake
  - Link win32_memory too inspircd too
  - win: Made config, modules, data, and log paths configurable.

ChrisTX (1):

  - Win32: Rewrite the service wrapper

Daniel Vassdal (1):

  - Added support for EXTERNAL

Peter Powell (14):

  - Fix property list arguments.
  - OpenBSD does not have KERN_MAXFILESPERPROC.
  - Fix the poll socket engine on BSD's other than FreeBSD.
  - Include &lt;list&gt; in base.h to prevent build errors on OpenBSD.
  - Replace a GNUmake idiom with the portable equivalent.
  - Fix warning: "const type qualifier on return type has no effect".
  - Fix OpenSSL detection on distributions which modify the version number.
  - Use GNU install on Solaris.
  - Use a better server name in m_httpd.
  - Use the preprocessor to detect whether hash_map is available.
  - Remove unused variables detected by Clang 4.2.
  - Fix multiple escape bugs in m_httpd_stats.
  - Reorganise configuration files
  - Update Doxyfile for the latest version of Doxygen.

Robby- (1):

  - cmode_b: Correction to the maxbans conditional     It was possible to set one more ban beyond the configured limit.

ShutterQuick (1):

  - Modified m_timedbans to behave more like setting mode +b manually.     It now accepts extbans. 

attilamolnar (41):

  - Fix errors in socketengine_ports so it compiles on Solaris
  - m_ldapoper Fix typo spotted by @lordsith49
  - m_banredirect Remove unnecessary hooks, cleanup
  - m_banredirect Deny the join to the redirect channel if it has a redirecting ban set that matches the user
  - m_messageflood Ask to be the last to handle OnUserPreMessage/OnUserPreNotice
  - m_maphide Ignore unregistered users
  - m_spanningtree Fix rare desync when a KILL crosses a message that has the killed user's prefix and modifies global state
  - m_chanhistory Fix durations containing 'S' being rejected
  - m_ssl_gnutls Fix build with GnuTLS 1.x
  - Fix exactly &lt;limits:maxchan&gt; long channel names being truncated
  - cmd_invite Correct error message when the user has no privs to invite and no halfop prefix is available
  - cmd_invite Send invite announcements to halfops and higher when &lt;security:announceinvites&gt; is 'dynamic' regardless of the channel being +i or not
  - m_ssl_gnutls Fix null pointer dereference in case gnutls_xxx_get_name() returns NULL
  - cmd_lusers Convert to a module
  - cmd_lusers Refresh max local/global user counters after a user connects
  - cmd_lusers Use of size() instead of counting elements
  - cmd_lusers Be smart and know how many invisible users are there without iterating the userlist
  - m_dnsbl Fix connecting users timeouting when a dnsbl result is in the dns cache
  - Stop user initialization when the user is marked as quitting after OnSetUserIP
  - Either store the Resolver in DNS::AddResolverClass() or delete it before returning
  - Fix m_dnsbl not checking cgiirc users when the cgiirc address is elined
  - m_connectban Switch to OnSetUserIP hook to handle cgiirc users properly, ignore e-lined users
  - Remove dead code from DNS
  - m_ssl_openssl Make it clear that a CA file is not mandatory
  - m_connflood Ignore e-lined users
  - m_permchannels Load channels from the config only at module load time and only when there are no linked servers to avoid desync
  - m_spanningtree Fix incoming channel modes being lost for 0-user permanent channels on the losing side of a netmerge
  - Add support for mandatory tags in included config files
  - Fix infinite loop when all DNS request slots are in use
  - m_timedbans Notice halfops and above when a timed ban is placed
  - Initialize the FakeClient pointer in InspIRCd::InspIRCd()
  - Accept -c as a command line argument (equivalent to --config)
  - m_xline_db Major enhancements
  - m_xline_db Fix pointless excessive stack usage in ReadDatabase()
  - cmd_lusers Fix miscounting
  - Fix premature overwriting of OLDTIME that resulted in time drifts never being detected
  - m_ldapoper Fix memory leak
  - m_ldapoper Make the module actually work
  - Update doc and fix the description of m_allowinvite
  - cmd_kill Send snotice to servers when both the oper and the victim are on the same server
  - Release 2.0.11
