---
title: v2.0.17 released!
author: Attila Molnar
features:
    - Change Windows libraries to be dynamically linked
contributors: 
    - Adam
    - Attila Molnar
    - Dan Parsons
    - Manuel Leiner (satmd)
    - Peter Powell
    - Robby
    - Tim Heckman
layout: post
---

InspIRCd v2.0.17 is now available, [download it from the releases page](https://github.com/inspircd/inspircd/releases).


This is a bugfix-only release, bringing several improvements and fixes for the Windows version, better compiler support and stability and correctness related improvements.

<!--more-->

An issue has been fixed that caused m_joinflood to wrongly lock down channels on netbursts in some cases.

Upgrading is strongly recommended.

See the [issue tracker](https://github.com/inspircd/inspircd/issues?milestone=14&state=closed) for a list of reported bugs that got fixed in this version and for the pull requests that were merged.

View the complete changelog [here](https://github.com/inspircd/inspircd/compare/v2.0.16...v2.0.17).


Thanks to the following people for their work on this release:

Adam (5):

  - Change Windows libraries to be dynamically linked
  - Do not export callers
  - Fix m_permchannels and m_xline_db on Windows
  - m_hideoper: Hide hidden opers from /stats P. #874
  - Update aliases/anope.conf.example

Attila Molnar (21):

  - m_watch Be more strict when checking whether the watch list of a user is full
  - Filter out newlines from error messages on Windows
  - Change FormatMessage() usage in DLLManager::RetrieveLastError() to match SocketEngine::LastError()
  - m_ojoin Remove pointless FindChan() call
  - Ignore NULL callbacks in ModuleManager::Reload()
  - m_auditorium Handle NULL return from Channel::GetUser() in OnSendWhoLine()
  - Allow uppercase letters in IPv6 CIDR masks
  - m_ssl_openssl Avoid Applink on Windows by calling PEM_read_bio_DHparams() instead of PEM_read_DHparams()
  - Compress the Windows installer with zlib to reduce AV false positives
  - Fix undefined symbol error on module load if compiled with Clang 3.4
  - m_spanningtree Set the bursting flag in the FJOIN handler based on whether the source of the FJOIN is bursting or not
  - m_spanningtree Advertise the availability of m_globops in CAPAB CAPABILITIES
  - m_cgiirc Call User::InvalidateCache() after changing host and dhost in OnCheckReady()
  - Update year in resource file for Windows
  - m_spanningtree Fix cleanup of connections when unloading a module that provides an IOHook
  - m_spanningtree Forward NICK messages when they cause a collision with the new nick param rewritten to the uuid
  - m_chghost Allow ulined servers to change the host of unregistered users (for SASL)
  - Make sure the DN strings obtained from the SSL mods are always valid
  - m_spanningtree Always treat the remote client as the winner on nick collision if the nick is used by a (local) client that isn't fully registered
  - Update example configuration files, fix typos and case
  - Release v2.0.17

Dan Parsons (1):

  - Update server.cpp

Peter Powell (4):

  - Backport questions from master's genssl tool.
  - Replace deprecated entry in launchd config with the modern equivalent.
  - Fix copy/paste error in m_denychans.
  - Fix various small problems with configure.

Robby- (2):

  - Correct the syntax messages of a few modules.
  - Some more helpop config updates.

Tim Heckman (1):

  - remove unneeded whitespace from the docs/examples

Manuel Leiner (satmd) (1):

  - Fix harmless loop off-by-ones found by Moonlightning
