---
title: v2.0.16 released!
author: Attila Molnar
layout: post
---

InspIRCd v2.0.16 is now available, [downloads are here](https://github.com/inspircd/inspircd/releases).


This is a bugfix-only release, containing several stability related and correctness improvements.
An issue has also been fixed that prevented clients using NSS for SSL/TLS such as Pidgin (via libpurple), ChatZilla, Instantbird, etc. from reconnecting to a server using OpenSSL after disconnection.
See this [bug report](https://bugzilla.mozilla.org/show_bug.cgi?id=858394) for more information.

Upgrading is strongly recommended.


The example configuration and the helpop text received a huge update as well, hopefully the new explanations will make things easier to understand.
Let us know if you find something in the documentation that is unclear to you.


The [issue tracker](https://github.com/inspircd/inspircd/issues?milestone=13&state=closed) contains a list of the reported bugs which got fixed in this version.
View the complete changelog [here](https://github.com/inspircd/inspircd/compare/v2.0.15...v2.0.16).


Thanks to the following people for their efforts that made this release possible:


Adam (3):

  - Set a session id on our server ssl context in m_ssl_openssl. It is required for some clients which try to restore SSL sessions.
  - Fix new file descriptor debug log message in socketengine_poll to show the correct events
  - Fix /who on opers incorrectly showing +i opers to users without the privilege to see them

Attila Molnar (22):

  - m_ssl_openssl Fix memory leaks on /rehash ssl, unload and in VerifyCertificate()
  - m_banredirect Fix typo in a message (transfered -&gt; transferred)
  - socketengine_epoll Initialize CurrentSetSize (only used by m_httpd_stats)
  - socketengine_select Reset the values in the timeval struct on *nix before select()
  - Fix NULL dereference on rehash when there is a fatal error in the configuration of connect classes
  - m_spanningtree Don't send snotices to servers about remote servers splitting
  - m_spanningtree Do pointer comparison before deleting one of the pointers in TreeSocket::Squit()
  - Improve detection for non-cidr masks to prevent unwanted matches
  - cmd_names Allow opers having the channels/auspex priv to view the NAMES list of +s channels from outside
  - Backport "Refactor Channel::UserList() to use std::string"
  - Fix NAMES list getting truncated on servers having an excessively long server name
  - m_operprefix Don't set +y on the oper if hideoper is being unset due to deopering
  - m_httpd Fix typo noticed by @SaberUK
  - m_globalload Don't pass a callback to ModuleManager::Reload() if reloading m_globalload
  - m_watch Validate targ before use, noticed while rewriting m_watch for 2.2
  - Major example configuration and helpop update
  - Fix typos and update text in the configure script
  - Add REG_ALL checks to treat unregistered users as nonexistent in more cases
  - Fix snotice about disabled command usage being sent to the wrong snomask
  - Fix typo in helpop-full that prevented it from loading and other minor helpop issues
  - Fix IPv6 address handling in 6aaf7047297b739377e7d509cb914f32447fb281
  - Release 2.0.16

Peter Powell (2):

  - Fix various problems detected by Clang 3.4.
  - Fix Solaris not being able to find modules without pkg-config.

Daniel Vassdal (1):

  - Fix build problem on Solaris
