---
title: v2.0.25 released!
author: Sadie
contributors:
  - Adam
  - Jordyn
  - Sadie Powell
  - genius3000
layout: post
---

InspIRCd v2.0.25 is now available, [download it from the releases page](https://github.com/inspircd/inspircd/releases/tag/v2.0.25).

This release contains minor bug fixes, including fixes to m\_cgiirc to protect again WebIRC gateways from sending malformed hostnames and CIDR [GKZ]Lines not respecting the protections set in &lt;insane&gt;. All users are recommended to upgrade.

<!--more-->

Thanks to the following people for their work on this release:

Adam (1):

  - ConfigReader: fix compilers optimizing NULL check in ConfigTag::readString()

Jordyn/The Linux Geek (1):

  - Fix CMD_RESTART with relative paths as argv[0].

Sadie Powell (22):

  - Add a mailmap to clean up the output of git-shortlog.
  - Tell OpenBSD users that they need to use a different make command.
  - Update the securelist exemption for IRC-Source's crawler.
  - Fix exempting CTCP ACTIONs in m\_blockcaps and m\_noctcp.
  - Add ADMIN to the list of commands that shunned users can run.
  - Update the link to the CIDR subnetting charts.
  - Fix mistakenly hardcoding the halfop prefix char in timedbans.
  - Use DLLManager::RetrieveLastError() on all platforms.
  - Fix {Host,IP}MatchesEveryone using Match instead of MatchCIDR.
  - Fix m_cgiirc allowing malformed hosts sent via WEBIRC.
  - Fix killing elined clients on [gkz]line in some cases.
  - Fix the command for enabling m_sqlite3 in modules.conf.example.
  - Include connection security with the SASL host information.
  - Update wiki links to use HTTPS and point to the correct pages.
  - Fix the command table not being case insensitive.
  - Fix sending a malformed 410 numeric when sent empty CAP commands.
  - Use InvalidateCache in the sockaddrs overload of OnSetClientIP.
  - Revert the code changes to m_sasl made in commit 9d4b4344b4.
  - Work around removing shuns on nicks when the nick is online.
  - Various minor documentation fixes.
  - Don't mess with the encoding of extras modules in modulemanager.
  - Release v2.0.25

genius3000 (2):

  - Inform the client when a SASL message cannot be sent
  - Improve (synchronize) the notices in m_timedbans

