---
title: v2.0.27 released!
author: SaberUK
layout: post
featured: true
contributors:
  - Peter Powell
layout: post

---

InspIRCd v2.0.27 is now available, [download it from the releases page](https://github.com/inspircd/inspircd/releases).

This release contains minor bug fixes and documentation corrections. Most notably:

- Clients connecting via m\_cgiirc will no longer have the wrong IP address shown in messages.
- Several bugs in the WHO implementation and documentation have been fixed.
- The configure checks for eventfd(), &lt;stdint.h&gt;, and strlcpy() have been fixed.

All users are recommended to upgrade.

<!--more-->

Thanks to the following people for their work on this release:

Peter Powell (13):

  - Fix invalid conversion from 'const char*' to 'char*' on FreeBSD.
  - Clarify the documentation for m_httpd and m_httpd_{config,stats}.
  - Fix the configure checks for eventfd(), &lt;stdint.h&gt;, and strlcpy().
  - Rename the license file so that people can find it easier.
  - Update the readme so that it is actually useful.
  - Fix replying with the source user in oper-restricted WHO lookups.
  - Clean up the WHO helpop documentation.
  - m_httpd: close the HTTP connection after serving a request.
  - Fix sending malformed ERR_UNKNOWNCOMMAND messages in some cases.
  - Fix gateway client hosts not being updated if DNS resolution fails.
  - Fix sending malformed ERR_BANLISTFULL numerics in some contexts.
  - Fix exposing the ban reason when an xline is found in the bancache.
  - Release v2.0.27

