---
title: v2.0.26 released!
author: SaberUK
featured: true
contributors:
  - B00mX0r
  - genius3000
  - linuxdaemon
  - Matt Schatz
  - Michael Hazell
  - Peter Powell
  - Wade Cline
layout: post
---

InspIRCd v2.0.26 is now available, [download it from the releases page](https://github.com/inspircd/inspircd/releases).

This release contains bug fixes and documentation corrections. Most notably:

 - m\_banredirect no longer creates phantom redirects in some rare cases.
 - m\_cgiirc clients connecting from [GZK]Lined hosts through an ELined gateway are now banned correctly.
 - m\_swhois messages set via an oper block are now correctly removed on deoper.
 - m\_xline_db and m\_spanningtree now store the correct user as the XLine setter.

All users are recommended to upgrade.

<!--more-->

Thanks to the following people for their work on this release:

B00mX0r (3):
  - Fix referring to sqloper and sqlauth as extras in modules.conf
  - Fix two minor docs issues
  - Fix blank instead of empty PART message when a user is shunned

Matt Schatz (1):
  - Improve some documentation (#1483).

Michael Hazell (1):
  - m_chanhistory: optionally exempt bots from receiving history.

Peter Powell (10):
  - Add length checking to GetExtBanStatus and m_banexception.
  - Clarify the documentation of &lt;connect:allow&gt;.
  - Fix m\_xline\_db storing the wrong setter in the XLine database.
  - Fix m\_spanningtree sending the wrong setter in S2S ADDLINE.
  - Use HTTPS URLs in the executable file and include examples.
  - Always store something in the cgiirc hostname extension.
  - Set User::host before calling ChangeIP().
  - Remove swhois messages set in the oper block on deoper.
  - Fix ModuleManager's external source lists not working with HTTPS.
  - Release v2.0.26

Wade Cline (1):
  - m_ssl_openssl: Remove deprecated API members.

genius3000 (3):
  - [2.0]: Helpop: Move extban 'U' from acting to matching Already fixed in master in 8587df2
  - Update the GeoIP ExtItem when CGI:IRC sets the real IP (#1471)
  - Fix ELine::Matches returning false on existing match

linuxdaemon (3):
  - Make sure banredirect metadata can not be duplicated
  - Fix comparator logic for ordering by channel
  - Revert std::set changes and add duplicate checking in m_banredirect instead, as requested by @Adam-
